Wow.

Thank you.

Thank you.

Thank you.

Thank you.

Wow.

Good morning.

Good morning and welcome
to the Steve Jobs Theater.

We have always believed
that by giving people

wonderful tools, you
enable them to do

wonderful things.

At Apple, we put the
customer at the center of

everything that we
do, with products and

technologies that
are designed in the

service of humanity.

Innovations that enrich
people's lives to help

them learn, create, work,
play, share, and stay healthy.

Through the deep
integration of hardware,

software, and services,
these products empower

people to do incredible
things every day.

We have a huge morning
planned for you with some

truly big announcements so
I'm going to just - yeah.

So, I'm going
to dispense of

my usual updates and get
right into it, beginning

with the App Store.

We are adding a
whole new way

to enjoy games on the App
Store with Apple Arcade.

We've joined forces
with the world's most

innovative game developers
to push the boundaries of

what's possible.

To tell you all about
Apple Arcade, I would like

to invite Ann
to the stage.

Ann.



 ANN THAI: Thanks, Tim.

We are thrilled to launch
Apple Arcade on the App

Store, the world's first
game subscription service

for mobile,
desktop, and TV.

Apple Arcade is the
only place you can get

unlimited access to
over one hundred ground

breaking, exclusive new
games made for iPhone,

iPad, Mac and Apple TV.

You can't find these
games on any other mobile

platform or
subscription service.

No game service has ever
launched as many games at

once and we can't wait for
you to play all of them.

Instead of paying up
front for each game, your

subscription lets you
download and play any

Apple Arcade game right
from the App Store.

It all starts with the App
Store's brand new arcade

tab where you can discover
the latest Apple Arcade

games with new games
added every month.

Get personalized
recommendations, watch

game trailers, and get
expert editorial content

like game guides
and sneak peeks.

This collection of awesome
games covers so many

genres and play styles, so
everyone in the family can

count on finding games
they love on Apple Arcade.

We are really excited to
show you a few today.

First up are our partners
at Konami who have

delighted players for decades.
Their next game

is sure to be a
hit for the whole family.

Please welcome Konami
Brand Manager Benjamin

Kinney to tell you more.



 BENJAMIN KINNEY: Thanks,Ann.

Everybody loves Frogger.
That's why

together with Q-Games,
Konami could not be

more excited to bring our
title to Apple Arcade,

Frogger in Toy Town.



In this level
we find ourselves, we find

ourselves in a bathroom
and Frogger has to rescue

some of his
froglet friends.

Like classic Frogger,
there are many obstacles

in the way.

However, now you can find
powerups like this bomb

that you can use to clear
the path ahead of you.

You'll also notice we are
collecting jelly beans.

It is a fun and important
part of gameplay, but I

will tell you more about
that here in a while.

So, the physics
are incredible.

See how the blocks bob up
and down in real time when

you jump on them?

And, look, we rescued
another froglet friend.

You will have dozens of
different outfits that you

can put your Frogger in.

Today, we have picked this
adorable bathing suit.

Isn't he cute?

Whoa.

What is that?

Is that a giant baby
wearing sunglasses?

He is making a mess.

Let's try to
go around him.

Now, you remember those
jelly beans from earlier?

Well, when you collect a
hundred, you unlock Super

Frogger.

All right.

All right.

Enough of that.

We've got the last
froglet to rescue.

And we did it.

Great job.



Frogger in Toy
Town will be available at

launch and we cannot wait
for you to play with your

friends and family
exclusively on Apple Arcade.

Thank you.

 ANN THAI:
Thanks, Benjamin.

Frogger looks adorable.

Next up is legendary
game studio Capcom.

Their new game brings
console quality graphics

and gameplay to a
whole new audience.

To tell you more, please
welcome Capcom producer

Peter Fabiano.



 PETER FABIANO: Thanks, Ann.

With Shinsekai: Into the
Depths, we set out to

create a beautiful yet
treacherous underwater world.

The world above
is covered in ice.

You have no choice but to
search the ocean below.

This is humanity's
last survivor.

You will notice gauges at
the top that indicate air,

health and depth.

You'll need to be
thoughtful and careful as

you traverse
the new world.

You can use thrusters to
navigate or get to safety.

While searching for
resources, our explorer

encounters a terrifying
creature which is why it's

ever important that you
maintain your oxygen levels.

Lucky for us, our little
drone is here to help us out.

We crafted every detail of
the world to make it feel

authentic and immersive.

In fact, we recorded music
and sound effects under water.

Let's give it a listen.

Shinsekai's controls are
simple, yet mastering

shooting while thrusting
will challenge even the

most seasoned gamer.

The underwater physics
and the creature's

unpredictable attacks make
battle both challenging

and a blast.

You will have to find
out what happens next by

playing Shinsekai:
Into the Depths.



We are bringing
our brand of game design

to a new, wider global
audience both at home

and on mobile.

Available only
on Apple Arcade.

Thank you.



 ANN THAI: Wow, thanks

Peter.

That was beautiful.

Our last demo is from
Annapurna Interactive

known for innovative games
that break the mold.

Their next game is
truly one of a kind.

To tell you more, please
welcome Annapurna

Interactive Producer
Kelsey Hansen.



 KELSEY HANSEN: Thanks, Ann.

We are teaming up with
Simogo to bring their

creative, ambitious new
game to Apple Arcade.

Sayonara Wild Hearts is a
fast-paced neon pop music

dreamscape.

We like to think of it as
a playable music video.

Let's jump in.

You play as our
heartbroken heroine as she

races to win
back her heart.

In this level, our heroine
is chasing after the

stereo lovers.

You will seamlessly
transition back and forth

between rhythm based tapping
and high speed racing.

You as the player will
never actually be moving

the camera, but playing
as the perspectives

automatically change makes
this game challenging and

so much fun.

The battle and
storytelling are

interwoven with the music,
making sure you never

miss a beat.

To add to the excitement,
collecting hearts will

increase your rank.

The more hearts you
collect, the higher your

score will be.

Sensing defeat, the twins
up the ante and transform

their swords into a giant
jet in an attempt to

escape, but our heroine
has other ideas.

With one slash of her
sword, our heroine defeats

the stereo lovers.

She reclaims a piece of
her heart and steals a

piece of ours.



We hope you enjoy Sayonara
Wild Hearts on Apple Arcade.

Thank you.



 ANN THAI:
Thank you, Kelsey.

What an awesome
soundtrack.

These three talented
partners join so many more

amazing developers
bringing new games to

Apple Arcade this year.

Apple Arcade is available
starting on September 19th.



And that's in over 150
countries around the world.

We will be introducing
over one hundred new games

to our launch catalog
in the weeks ahead.

So, how much does
unlimited access to all of

these amazing games cost?

Just $4.99 a month
for the whole family.



And we are launching
with a one-month free trial.



We hope you
have a blast playing all

of the incredible
games on Apple Arcade.

Thanks, and back
to you, Tim.



 TIM COOK: Thank you, Ann.

Apple Arcade is a
gaming service unlike any

other out there.

We can't wait to start
playing when it launches

later this month.

Next up, let's talk about
Apple TV+.



Our mission for
Apple TV+ is to bring you

the best original stories
from the most creative

minds in television and
film. Stories that help

you find inspiration, that
are grounded in emotion,

truly stories to believe
in, stories with purpose.

This summer, we released
three trailers for a few

of our premier originals,
like For All Mankind, an

innovative reimagination
of the space race, and

Dickinson starring Hailee
Steinfeld, a coming of age

story about Emily
Dickinson told in a

completely modern way, and
The Morning Show with its

blockbuster cast starring
Reese Witherspoon, Steve

Carell, and Jennifer
Aniston in her first TV

series since Friends.

The reaction to these
trailers has been incredible.

They have been viewed
over 100 million times.



In fact, the
trailer for The Morning

Show is one of the most
watched trailers for any

new television show ever.

This is incredible.

And the new issue of
Entertainment Weekly calls

The Morning Show "Fall's
most anticipated series."

This morning, I want to
share with you one of the

most imaginative,
thrilling and thought

provoking dramas ever.

SEE stars Jason Momoa and
it takes place hundreds of

years into the future in
a world without sight.

We have worked with blind
and low vision cast, crew,

and consultants who
provided the detail and

the authenticity for how
this world should be defined.

Today I am so excited
to share with you the

worldwide premier
trailer for SEE.



 SPEAKER:
Centuries from now, almost

all humans have lost
the ability to see.

Some say sight was
taken from them by God.

To heal the earth.

For the few who remain,
vision is only a myth,

but after so many years, the
power of sight has returned.

 SPEAKER: What is it?

 SPEAKER: Something
is different.

The children, they have
the ability to see.

 SPEAKER: My children,
they have power that we

would call
magical or evil.

 SPEAKER: We
must protect them.

 SPEAKER: For centuries
we feared this day would come.

The evil of light once
almost destroyed the

world, and now
it has returned.

Find the children who can
see and bring them to me.

 SPEAKER: Now, they
will come for us.

 SPEAKER: If we give
the babies, they might

leave us alone.

 SPEAKER: No, I stand
with brother Voss.

These children are a gift.

They will bring knowledge.

They will begin
a new world.

We are a family.

We are one and
we fight as one.

I have to keep you safe.

 SPEAKER: The
moment as come.

 SPEAKER: It's
astonishing how the

smallest moment can
change an entire world.



 TIM COOK: I hope that
you can - thank you.

I hope that you can get a
sense of why I love that

show and I think
that you will too.

Now, these are just a few
of the exclusive originals

from the exciting
Apple TV+ lineup.

With Apple TV+, you will
get access to these and so

many more, the best
movies, comedies, dramas

and kids' shows.

Now, I know that some of
you have been wondering,

when will Apple TV+ be
available and how much

will it cost?

Well, today we are excited
to tell you that the first

shows will be available on
November 1st, and we'll be -



thank you.

And we will
be adding more Apple

originals every month
and Apple TV+ will be

available in over one
hundred countries at

launch and it is just
$4.99 per month for your

whole family.



That's all, all of these
incredible shows for the price

of a single movie rental.
This is crazy.

We are so excited about
Apple TV+ that we wanted

to do something
really special.

And so starting today,
when you buy an iPhone, an

iPad, a Mac or an Apple
TV, you will get one year

of Apple TV+
included for free.



So, we can't wait for you to

start watching Apple TV+
on November 1st in the

Apple TV app across
all of your screens.

That's Apple TV+.

Now, let's turn our
attention to iPad.



When we created
iPad, we set out to design

something truly unique,
a product that you could

take with you everywhere
and that is so fun and so

easy to use.

And now with hundreds and
hundreds of millions of

iPads out in the world,
iPad is transforming the

way we create,
learn, work and play.

This has been a
huge year for iPad.

We have revamped our
entire lineup starting

with the new iPad Mini all
the way up to the powerful

iPad Pros, and we pushed
what people could do with

iPad further than
ever before with the

introduction of iPadOS.

iPadOS is an advanced
operating system with a new

name to recognize the
distinctive experience of iPad.

Of course, iPadOS builds
on the same foundation as

iOS, but adds powerful new
capabilities and intuitive

features that are specific
to the large display and

versatility of the iPad.

iPad's unique integration
of hardware/software with

over one million apps that
are specifically designed

to take advantage of the
large canvas provide an

experience that you
won't find on any other

device out there.

We have never been more
excited about the future

of iPad, and to tell you
about the newest iPad, I

would like to invite
Joz to the stage.

Joz.



 GREG JOSWIAK:
Thanks, Tim.



Thank you.

Thank you.

We are incredibly excited
about iPadOS and our

entire iPad lineup.

Today I want to talk to you
about our most popular iPad.

The 9.7 inch delivers so
much versatility at such

an affordable price and it
brings more new users to

our iPad than
any other model.

In fact, for yearly 60% of
these users, this is their

very first iPad and we are
about to make this iPad a

whole lot better because
we are replacing the sixth

generation iPad with
this, the new seventh

generation iPad.



This is a big
upgrade with some great

new features and it's
designed to make the most

out of iPadOS.

Of course, the iPad is a
magical piece of glass

that can become almost
anything we want it to be,

so the display is so
important to the iPad

experience, and we are making
the display even bigger.

This iPad has a new, larger
10.2 inch retina display.



And it has nearly
3.5 million pixels.

When you compare it to
this, the top selling PC

laptop in the US for the
first half of this year -

I know, I know - this
display has more than

three times the number
of pixels, plus greater

brightness and a much
wider viewing angle so

your content always
looks amazing.

Under the hood of this
iPad is the A10 Fusion chip.

So that means that this
iPad is up to two times

faster than that
top selling PC.



And for the
very first time, our new

most popular iPad features
the Smart Connector, so

you can effortlessly
connect the optional full

sized Smart Keyboard which
delivers a great typing

experience and a thin and
light design that also

folds into a
protective cover.

And we are especially
excited that this iPad was

engineered to take full
advantage of iPadOS.

iPadOS is packed with an
enormous breadth of new

features designed
for iPad's unique

capabilities, including
the redesigned Home screen.

Powerful new ways to work
with multiple apps, deeper

integration with Apple
Pencil, desktop class

browsing with Safari
and so much more.

iPadOS truly expands what
you can do with this iPad

so let's take it
for a quick spin.

First, let's talk
about multitasking.

With iPadOS, it's never
been easier to get to your

favorite apps.

You can quickly switch
between multiple apps in

slide over or fan them out
to pick the one you want.



Or you can swipe
along the bottom to

get between
multiple spaces.

You can even use the same
app like Notes across

multiple spaces and paired
with different apps.

It's perfect for working
on multiple projects.

Safari brings desktop
class browsing to iPad so

now you can create a
website in Squarespace or

edit your documents in
Google Docs right in Safari.

And with a simple pinch on
the soft keyboard, the new

floating keyboard appears.

It gives you more room for
your content and a great -



And a great one-handed typing
experience. It's awesome.

iPadOS enables new work
flows on iPad so now you

can even connect your SD
card or your thumb drive

to quickly browse your
photos and videos right in

the Files app.

And you have a whole new
video editing experience

with powerful new tools in
the new enhanced Photos app.

You can add filters
and effects.

You can even crop and
rotate your video.

And there is some great
new ways to use Apple Pencil.

Simply swipe up from the
bottom corner to capture a

screenshot, or choose the
new full page option to

create a PDF of a full Web
page or your document.

And from there, you can
mark it up with your Notes

and share it all without
ever putting the Pencil down.

And there is so much more
to iPad, including our

awesome new services.

Gaming on the iPad was
already awesome, but now

it's even better because
of Apple Arcade.

You can't get anything like
this on any other device.

Or just lean back and
enjoy all of that amazing

Apple TV+ content, and as
Tim just told you, you

seemed to like it, you
even get one year of Apple

TV+ included for free.

We think the combination
of iPadOS, our new service

offerings, this new iPad
hardware is simply incredible.

So, this is the new
seventh generation iPad,

10.2 inch retina display,
support for Apple Pencil

and a full sized smart
keyboard and as you would

expect, great cameras,
sensors, and ultra fast

wireless all packed into
a thin and light design

that's durable and
weighs about a pound.

And for the very first
time, our enclosure is

made from 100%
recycled aluminum.



We are really
proud that we can continue

to expand our
environmental achievements

for this, our
most popular iPad.

We are also proud that
with all of these

enhancements, this new
iPad will start at just $329.



And when you think about
all of the things this

iPad can do, we can't
think of another device

that delivers this much
value, and for our

education customers, it's
even more affordable at $299.

And you can -
well, there you go.

You can order it today and
it will start shipping at

the end of the month.

It really has been
a big year for iPad.

This new iPad joins the
new iPad mini, iPad Air

and iPad Pros, all taken
further than ever before

with iPadOS.

So, that's the
news for iPad.

Now, back to Tim.



 TIM COOK: Thanks, Joz.

This new iPad will enable
so many more people to

experience the power and
versatility of iPad.

Now, next up let's talk
about Apple Watch.



Apple Watch puts
groundbreaking health,

fitness and communications
capabilities onto the

wrist of millions and
millions of people.

Today, Apple Watch is
everywhere and it's making

a difference in so many
ways all over the world.

We hear firsthand every
day about the truly

personal and profound
impacts that the Apple

Watch is having on
people's lives.

So, we made a video for
you this morning to share

just some of these
stories with you.

 SPEAKER: Dear Mr. Cook.

 SPEAKER: Dear Apple.

 SPEAKER: Dear Tim.

 SPEAKER: To
TCook@Apple.com.

 SPEAKER: Hey,
how are you doing?

 SPEAKER: Hi.

 SPEAKER: Hey,
good morning.

 SPEAKER: Nice
to meet you?

 SPEAKER: Hello.

 SPEAKER: So, the
run began as usual.

 SPEAKER: I was
32 weeks pregnant.

 SPEAKER: Getting
ready to go to bed.

 SPEAKER: The
next morning I had

notifications on my watch
and my phone saying -

 SPEAKER: Your heart
rate is elevated.

I was like, huh.

 SPEAKER:
That's strange.

 SPEAKER: And I run my
EKG and it says 220 beats

and I'm like -

 SPEAKER: Something
is not right.

I told my husband,
like, we need to go.

He is like I'm in the
middle of cutting grass.

I'm like we need to go.

 SPEAKER: And then
suddenly I woke up to EMTs.

 SPEAKER: This is
my husband, Kyle.

 SPEAKER: Hey.

 SPEAKER: He is going
out to cut the grass.

 SPEAKER: When I fell,
it automatically called

911 and then it
calls my wife.

When I think about what
happened and what could

have happened -

 SPEAKER: Once we got
to the hospital, they

realized it was some
sort of infection.

My heart rate was spiking
and it was causing the

baby's heart rate to
get lower and lower.

So, emergency c-section
and she was born.

 SPEAKER: Had I not had
surgery, they estimated

that I would have had a
heart attack within less

than twelve months.

 SPEAKER: I mean, like,
I'm like, I have goose bumps.

I don't know if you can
see them through the camera.

It's crazy.

 SPEAKER: It's not
something you think of

your watch
saving your life.

 SPEAKER: Can
you wave hi?

 SPEAKER: In the past I
didn't prioritize taking

care of myself.

 SPEAKER: Yeah, so these
are probably one of the

largest pairs
of pants I have.

I am standing in one
of the legs of them.

 SPEAKER: Now I have
gained the ability to be

active in ways I never
would have dreamed of all

because the computer on my
wrist told me it was time

to fill the rings.

 SPEAKER: Yeah,
closing rings.

 SPEAKER: It's like this
little reminder going,

okay, you can do a
little better today.

 SPEAKER: When I see the
little rings of like, get

your moves in today,
sometimes I used to be

like mind your business,
Apple Watch, but then it's

like you know what?

I do need to
get my moves in.

 SPEAKER: I like the
idea of achievements you

get for every
small thing done.

 SPEAKER: It just
reminded me I should stand

up, by the way.

 SPEAKER: I'm The Blur.

 SPEAKER: He is The Blur.

That's his nickname
is The Blur.

Harrison is on the autism
spectrum and he is on the

cross country and track
teams here at the school.

He was having some issues
with anxiety and crowd noise.

 SPEAKER: The sound of
the cheering just throws me off.

So, I paired up my watch
with my headphones and the

music helps me focus.

 SPEAKER: When he
started running with the

music playing, it was like
seeing a different athlete.

This moment of triumph,
goose bumps and tears.

It was cinematic.

 SPEAKER: Apple needs
to know this happened.

What you did in your
brainstorming sessions

came to life and
helped save mine.

 SPEAKER: Dear Tim.

 SPEAKER: Dear Apple.

 SPEAKER: Dear Mr. Cook.

 SPEAKER: I just
had to tell my story.

 SPEAKER: I will
be forever grateful.

 SPEAKER: I had no idea
that one day it would

save my life.

 SPEAKER: What I want
to say is thank you.

 SPEAKER: Thank you.



 TIM COOK: Thank you.

Thank you.

Thank you.

Thank you.

Thank you.

It is truly inspiring to
see the difference that

the Apple Watch is making.

Hearing these stories
really makes my heart sing.

And these are just a few
of the amazing stories

that I get every day.

Now, in addition to
helping individuals, Apple

Watch is having an impact
on another important area

that affects all of us and
that is health research.

We are excited about how
Apple Watch can make a

tremendous difference in
this area and to tell you

more about it, I would
like to invite Sumbul

to the stage.

Sumbul.



 SUMBUL DESAI:
Thanks, Tim.

What makes the amazing
stories you just saw even

possible are the
incredible capabilities

built into Apple Watch,
each one requiring

extensive development
and research.

This deep focus on science
is the foundation of many

of our product features,
especially the ones

focused on health.

For example, the irregular
heart rhythm notification

was developed using the
data from the largest

study ever focused on
atrial fibrillation.

Over 400,000 people
participated in the Apple

Heart Study and this
showed for the first time

that a smart watch
could help in the early

detection of afib.

It transformed how we look
at cardiovascular science.

We were so encouraged that
today we are announcing

three new health research
studies, starting with the

Apple Hearing Study.

Since Apple Watch is on
you all of the time and

can now measure
sound levels in your

environment, this study
will analyze how your

daily sound exposure
impacts your long-term

hearing health.

For this study, we are
working with the experts

at the University of
Michigan and the World

Health Organization.



For our second study, we
are using the new cycle

tracking feature that
we introduced in June.

The Apple Women's Health
Study focuses on an area

that hasn't received much
attention in many years.

It will look at how
menstrual cycles can

inform the screening for
important conditions like

infertility and
osteoporosis.

For this novel study, we
are partnering with the

Harvard School of Public
Health and the NIH.



Finally, the Apple Heart
and Movement study will

look at how metrics from
Apple Watch can serve as

early warning signs and
help create innovative

interventions to
improve overall health.

For this study, we are so
excited to be partnering

with the American Heart
Association and the

cardiovascular experts
at the Brigham and

Women's Hospital.



If you would like to
participate in this

research and make a
contribution to potential

medical discoveries, you
can enroll using the new

Apple Research app where
you can enroll, perform

tasks and view your data.

Of course, you decide what
data you want to share

and with whom.

Apple cannot access any
information that directly

identifies you.

The new Apple Research app
will be available in the U.S.

later this year.

Now, back to Tim.

TIM COOK:
Thank you Sumbul.

We are really excited
about the impact the

Research app can have.

It gives us, all of us,
an amazing opportunity to

participate in health
research that could lead

to innovations to improve
our health and the health

of future generations so
I hope that you check it out.

Since the beginning,
innovation has been the

core of the Apple Watch.

Innovations that really
matter to people, from the

life changing to the
potentially life saving.

Many of these technologies
were barely imaginable

just a few years ago.

Apple Watch has become the
most advanced and most

loved Smartwatch
in the world.

And to tell you all about
what's next with the Apple

Watch, I would like
to invite up Stan Ng.

Stan.

STAN NG: Thanks Tim.

We want to make Apple
Watch even better for all

of the things you do
and places you go.

So today I'm so excited to
share with you the next

generation of Apple Watch.

Introducing Apple Watch
Series 5 featuring an

innovative new display
that is Always-On.

The new Always-On Retina
Display never sleeps, so

the watch face is
always visible.

With previous models of
Apple Watch when you

lowered your wrist,
the display would go

completely dark, but now
with Series 5, you will

always be able to see your
time and complications.

A wrist raise or a tap
brings everything back to

full brightness.

Now, the new Always-On
Display is just loaded

with advanced
technologies, so I want to

tell you about it.

It all starts with the
industry's only low

temperature poly-silicon
and oxide displays or LTPO.

LTPO allows the display to
refresh dynamically from

as high as 60 hertz to as
low as 1 hertz which is

extremely power efficient. There
is also a new low power display

driver and ultra-efficient power
management intergrated circuit

and a new ambient light
sensor which all work

seamlessly together.

By combining this
incredible hardware with

innovative software, we
are able to deliver this

Always-On Display while
still maintaining the same

all-day 18-hour
battery life.

Now, all of the watch
faces have been carefully

tuned for the new display,
so you will always be able

to see your time and
your complications.

We have also optimized the
screens for all of the

workouts in the Workout
app so you will be able to

see your workout metrics
without raising your wrist.

This Always-On Display is
perfect for those times

when you can't raise your
wrist or tap the display.

Or when you are in a
social or work setting

where you kind of want to
just sneak a quick glance

at the time, right.

Or when you are in the
middle of a crazy hard

workout where a wrist
raise just isn't possible.

The new Always-On Display
is going to be useful for

so many different
situations throughout the day.

We can't wait for
you to try it.

Next, let's talk about
another new feature in

Series 5, a
built-in compass.



Now, with the updates Maps
app, you will be able to

see which way you are facing
just like on your iPhone.

You can add the compass to
your watch face so you can

see your direction at a
glance and there is even a

new Compass app which
allows you to see not only

your heading but also
your latitude, longitude,

current elevation,
and incline.

Now, our developers can
take advantage of the

compass as well, so the
direction is always clear

when you are hiking with
WikiLoc, paddle boarding

with GoSUP or searching
out the constellations

with Night Sky.

Next let's talk about
safety features.

Apple Watch has some
important safety features

built right in, like fall
detection, emergency SOS,

medical ID.

Now, emergency - SOS
could be life saying

should you need it.

So we wanted to make
it more capable.

Now, with Series 5 every
cellular model has

International emergency
calling so you can call

emergency services in over
150 countries around the

world just by pressing
and holding down the side

button, even
without your iPhone.



We think this will give
you great peace of mind if

you ever travel
internationally.

Next, another important
benefit of Apple Watch is

being able to express your
personal style, and Series

5 has the widest
assortment of case

finishes ever, aluminum
models come in silver,

gold and Space Gray and
now the cases are made

from 100% recycled
aluminum.



Stainless steel models
come in gold, Space Black,

and polished.

And we are introducing
new models for the first

time in titanium.



This natural brushed
titanium maintains its

color through a special
surface treatment that

Apple custom engineered
and there is also a second

model in titanium in this
brushed Space Black with a

diamond-like coating.

Series 5 will be available
in ceramic as well in this

brilliant white color.



Thank you.

Really beautiful.

There are new Apple Watch
Nike models featuring new

Nike Sport Bands, new
reflective Sport Loops and

cool new Nike watch faces
and there are new Hermès

models in these beautiful
colors block bands with a

classic Hermès print.

Aren't they cool?

This year we're also
introducing Hermès models

in black, featuring Space
Black stainless steel

cases featuring hand
crafted noir leather bands.



These are just stunning.

Of course, every Apple
Watch is designed and

manufactured in the most
environmentally friendly

way possible.

We are so excited about
Apple Watch Series 5 with

its Always-On Display,
compass, International

emergency calling, and
all of the other great

features like its swim
proof, you can take an

ECG, fall detection,
Apple Pay, all of the new

features of watchOS 6, it
truly is the most capable

Apple Watch ever.

Series 5 GPS models
will start at $399.



And $499 for
cellular models.

You will be able to order
Series 5 starting today

right after the keynote.

And they will be available
in our stores starting

September 20th.

We are also keeping the
very popular Series 3

in the line.

Series 3 is a great watch.

It has GPS, heart rate
sensor, it's swim proof.

The new features of
watchOS 6 and now starting

at a low price
of just $199.



And that's Apple Watch.

Thank you.

Back to you, Tim!



 TIM COOK:
Thank you, Stan.

I'm really excited about
this new Apple Watch

lineup, and with all of
the new amazing features,

Apple Watch is going to
enable you to do even more

than before.

We created a fun video to
demonstrate just this, and

I would love to
play it for you now.

 Speaker: This watch
tells time.

And takes phone calls.

This watch tells time and turns
on lights and opens up doors.

This watch tells time
and communicates with

satellites 12,427
miles above the earth.

 Speaker: Wakes you up and
gets you onto subways and

plays every Elton John
studio album ever recorded.

 Speaker: Play Goodbye
Yellow Brick Road.

 Speaker: Play Madmen
Across the Water.

This watch tells time and
sets timers and sets your

pace and warns you
when it's too loud.

And texts your friends,
and opens portals.

Kidding!

And tracks your
distance under water.

And starts competitions
and accepts challenges and

tracks your workouts and
tells you which direction

you should be going.

And reminds
you to breathe.

And has an app that
measures the exact timing

of the electrical waves
traveling through the

upper and lower chambers
of your heart otherwise known

as a electrocardiogram.

So in conclusion,
just to reiterate.

This watch tells time.

Among other things.



 TIM COOK: I
love that video.

I love that video.

It really helps you
understand so many of the

amazing things that
the watch can do.

Next up, let's
talk about iPhone.



iPhone and the incredible
capabilities that it puts

into people's hands has
changed the way we live

our lives in ways that we
never could have imagined.

It's become so essential
for hundreds and hundreds

of millions of people
all over the world.

It's changed industries
and led to the creation of

entirely new ones, and
it's made a profound

impact on all of
our daily lives.

Customers love iPhone, and
we keep striving to make

it better and better.

Last year we launched
three incredible iPhones.

The iPhone Xr became the
most popular iPhone and

the most popular
smartphone in the world.



We also launched the
iPhone Xs and Xs Max, the

most advanced iPhones
we have ever created.

These three iPhones
together have a combined

99% customer satisfaction.



This is the highest
in the industry.

Really unbelievable.

Customers love iPhone
because we focus on

technologies that matter
most in their lives.

Today I am thrilled to share
with you the newest iPhone.

TIM COOK: This is
iPhone 11, the next

generation of iPhone, and
it is jam packed with

great new capabilities in
an incredible new design.

To tell you all about
iPhone 11, I would like to

invite Kaiann to the stage.

Kaiann.



 KAIANN DRANCE:
Thank you, Tim.

The innovations in iPhone 11
are truly remarkable.

And that starts
with the design.

iPhone 11 has a beautiful
anodized aluminum and

glass design, and that
glass is the toughest ever

in a smartphone on
the front and back.

And the glass that
surrounds the camera has a

sculpted 3D geometry and
it was precision milled

down from a single piece
of glass to achieve this

elegant look.

iPhone 11 comes in six new
colors with an all new

purple, white, yellow, green,
black, and product red.



It has a 6.1-inch Liquid
Retina display with True

Tone, Wide Color, Tap to
Wake, and haptic touch in

even more places with iOS
13 like contextual menus.

Now, videos are wonderful
to watch on this display,

and now we have spatial
audio which provides an

immersive theater-like
experience by creating a

sound field around you using
an Apple-designed virtualizer.

And we support Dolby Atmos for
an incredible sound experience.



Now, let's talk
about camera.

iPhone is the world's most
popular camera and it gets

even better with iPhone 11.

We have an amazing dual
camera system with an all

new wide camera with a new
sensor with 100% Focus

Pixels for faster
Autofocus, three times

faster in low light, and
we have a new ultra-wide

camera with 120-degree
field of view.

This will let you capture
way more in your photos

and videos because now you
can take a wide camera

shot like this, but switch
to the ultra-wide to

reveal the scale -- yes.



You can now see the
beautiful framing by

Mother Nature, but the
details still are there in

the sky, the rocks,
and the sand.

This is doing an optical
zoom out 2X so you can

capture way more
without moving.

So now when you are taking
a wide camera shot, you

will see our new immersive
camera interface that lets

you see outside the frame
hinting at a bigger shot.

Then you can simply tap to
switch to the ultra-wide

revealing more of your scene.

This is great for these
epic landscape shots where

you can see edge to edge
all of this detail.

And it's also great for
tight spaces where you

can't physically back up,
but the ultra-wide lets

you do that revealing
more of your story.

You can use an angle like
this to take a heroic and

dynamic shot because the
ultra-wide can elongate

your subject and keep all
these details sharp from

her red dress all
the way to her face.

These are some examples of
great ultra-wide photos.

We have also updated our
image pipeline which

processes over a trillion
operations per photo.

It's got our Image Signal
Processor and it has our

Neural Engine for
Machine Learning.

And now we have added
semantic rendering.

This allows us to more
intelligently detect

subjects and relight them
with detail so they look

even better.

We use this across your
photos, including in our

NextGen Smart HDR.

You can see the gorgeous
smile in her warm face

accentuated by
the backlit sun.

Now, we are using
multiscale tone mapping so

we can treat highlights
differently in different

parts of the image
depending on what's

best for them.

It works here in Portrait
mode and people love

taking portraits
on iPhone 11.

And iPhone 11 has this
wide angle camera so you

can take these beautiful
wide shots of portraits

for people, but now with
two cameras, we have

stereoscopic depth, so
now you can also take

portraits of your
favorite pets.

Yea! Pets!



And you can also use
creative depth of field

for shots like this.

Now, we have a new
Portrait Lighting effect

and that's high key mono.

You can take a stunning
studio quality portrait

like this from a pretty
ordinary background.

All right.

Let's talk about
Night mode.

This is for those very low
light environments, like

outdoors at night or
inside a dimly lit

restaurant, and Night mode
comes on automatically

when it's dark enough
to brighten photos

and reduce noise.

Here is an image with
Night mode turned off.

Here it is with
Night mode turned on.



We determined the image
fusion time and use

adaptive bracketing based
on what we see in preview,

so shorter frames if you
have subject motion or

longer frames if you have
deep shadows to recover

them, then we
intelligently fuse images

together reducing
motion and blur.

All right, we know you
love taking videos and you

are capturing more than
ever on iPhone, so I'm

really excited to show you
the first video shot on

iPhone 11 entirely
on our wide and

ultra-wide cameras.

So the quality is
just astounding.

That was shot in 4K
resolution, and all of the

shots, including the ones
overhead, were hand-held,

so that's making use of
our even better cinematic

video stabilization.

So when taking video, you
can easily tap to switch

to the ultra-wide camera
to capture even more in

your scene.

You can also use the zoom
wheel to just transition

easily between
the two cameras.

Now, we make it great to
capture in all of the

formats you love because
we support 4K resolution,

up to 60 frames per
second, Slo-mo,

Time-lapse, cinematic
video stabilization, and

now Extended Dynamic Range
at 4K up to 60 frames per

second, and this is
across both cameras which

is pretty cool.



We also wanted to make it
easier for you to take a

quick video
with QuickTake.

So now when you are taking
photos and you decide you

want to take a quick
video, simply tap and hold

the shutter button
to record a video.

You can do that without
changing frames.



So video really
shines on iPhone 11.

In fact, it has the
highest quality video ever

in a smartphone.



This is enabled by our
real time processing

across camera hardware,
our software, our video

encoders, and our chip.

So that's the amazing dual
camera system on iPhone 11,

with the new wide and
ultra-wide for 2X optical

zoom out, Night mode, a
brighter flash, NextGen

Smart HDR, and the
highest quality video.

It will change the way you
take your photos and videos.

We have also updated our
front TrueDepth camera to

a wider 12-megapixel sensor.

So now you can still take
your 7-megapixel selfies,

as you normally would, but
simply rotate to landscape

to capture even more people
using that wider sensor.

Also, on the front camera,
we have added 4K video

with Extended Dynamic
Range up to 30 frames per

second, and you can also
capture on the front at 4K

60 as well.

Now, we have also added
slow motion video to the

front camera for
the first time.

Now, we think this is
going to be really fun, so

fun that we created a
little ad about it,

and we couldn't
resist showing you.

Okay.

So we want this to inspire
you to go take some

awesome Slofies because we
can't wait to see them.

All right.

Now, so much of our great
camera is also enabled by

performance, and iPhone 11
has leading performance

for your everyday to the
most demanding tasks.

In fact, our Apple design
chips have led the

industry for many years.

Ben says the A12 is so far
ahead of the industry that

it will still be
competitive with the best

Android smartphones
in two years.

Well, now we are
introducing the A13

Bionic, the next
generation of our

industry-leading chip.



So if you look at CPU
performance with the

iPhone XR A12 bionic chip,
it still leads the pack in

terms of the latest
smartphones and chips.

Well, the A13 Bionic is
just going to extend that

lead even further, because
the A13 is the fastest CPU

ever in a smartphone.



And that's great because
everything you do every

day from morning to night
makes use of the chip.

So what about graphics?

Well, if you look at the
A12, still leading the

pack in GPU performance,
and the A13 Bionic is just

going to get even faster
because the A13 Bionic is

also the fastest GPU
ever in a smartphone.



And to show you more about
that, because this is

great for mobile gaming,
I would like to introduce

Giant Network.

They are the force behind
some of the most popular

mobile games in China.

And now with their studio,
TipsWorks, they are

preparing to release
their first global title.

It's called
Pascal's Wager.

And I would like to
introduce Yang Yang, the

founder of TipsWorks.



 YANG YANG: Thank you.

We have been working
on an exciting action

role-playing game.

Let's take a look.

Pascal's Wager is a dark
fantasy action game that

will take you on a journey
through a massive world.

The game happens in a
place that's surrounded by

eternal darkness and the
humans must make a path by

staying close to giants
that illuminate.

You will notice the
fantastical creatures

which look amazing
with Metal 2 shaders.

Players can select one of
four characters and can

change throughout to
use different skills.

Now we've changed to
Benita whose powerful whip

can take on
enemies mid-range.

We spent hours recreating
the perfect sounds of

footsteps, chains, and
even blades clashing.

Details are clear with the
iPhone's special audio.

Let's watch as Benita
fights this monster.

As we trail the owl, we
see the benefits of post

processing effects,
including anti-aliasing

and bloom, which are only
possible with the GPU of

the new iPhone.

All of this with an
incredible 60 frames per

second of smooth
performance which comes in

handy as we keep
evil at bay.

Speaking of evil ... our
hero could use some help!



We don't want to
spoil anything.

This is a preview
of Pascal's Wager.

Preorder it exclusively on
the App Store next month.

Thank you.



 KAIANN DRANCE: So,
I just have to say how

remarkable it is that a
game like that with those

kinds of phenomenal
graphics can run on a

small and powerful chip in
the palm of your hand with

A13 Bionic, so just kudos
to that and our incredible

silicon engineers.

We can't wait to see
Pascal's Wager and what

else other developers will
come up with with the A13.

All right.

So, battery.

We know that battery life is
really important to customers.

And last year with the
iPhone XR, we already had

the longest battery life
in an iPhone ever, and it

was a big leap and our
customers loved it.

With the advancements in
iPhone 11, it will still

have an hour more in
battery than in your

iPhone XR for incredible
battery life.



The advances in iPhone 11
really touch areas that

customers experience
every day.

This is innovation
that matters.

Powerful dual camera
system, Night mode, and

things we didn't even have
time to talk about, like

faster Face ID, water and
dust resistance, wireless

charging, Wi-Fi 6, and more.

We think customers will
love iPhone 11 and we have

created a really fun
video all about it.

 KAIANN DRANCE: iPhone 11
offers so much meaningful

innovation, and we want
even more people to

experience it, so we are
really excited to offer

iPhone 11 at just $699.



We think this is an
amazing phone that

everyone will love.

Thank you.

And now back to Tim.



 TIM COOK:
Thank you, Kaiann.

The new iPhone 11
is simply amazing.

We designed it with our
customers in mind and it

will impact their lives in
meaningful ways every day.

But we didn't stop there.

For our customers
that want the most

sophisticated technology
that really pushes the

limits, we have created
something truly special,

and I'm thrilled to
introduce it to you now.

Thank you.

Yeah!

This is the iPhone 11 Pro,
and these are the most

powerful and most advanced
iPhones that we have ever

built in a stunning
new design.

I'd like to invite Phil
up to tell you all about them.

Phil.



 PHIL SCHILLER:
Thank you, Tim.

And good morning,
everyone!

How are you
doing out there?



This is the first phone
that we have called Pro.

And for us, that means
it's a device that pros

can count on to get
their work done.

But it's also a product
for all of us who want

simply the best product made
even if we are not a pro.

So, let's talk
all about it.

We will start with
this incredible stunning

new Pro design.

This is the most advanced
and detailed iPhone we

have made yet.

It's made of a surgical
grade stainless steel.

The back is a single piece
of machined glass with an

optical PVD coating.

This is a beautiful new
matte textured finish that

looks great and feels
awesome in your hand.

iPhone 11 Pro comes in
some gorgeous new finishes.

This is an all new
Midnight Green.



This is a very Pro Space
Gray, a beautiful silver,

and a new gold.

These are incredible.



All right.

Let's talk about
this Pro display.

It comes in two sizes, 5.8
inches and 6.5 inches.

They have the highest
pixel density of any

display Apple makes.

Our Super Retina display
is the most advanced we

have ever built
into an iPhone.

It's a new OLED panel
that has 2 million to 1

Contrast ratio.

P3 Wide Color, True Tone,
haptic touch, and now a

much brighter up to 1200
nits, that's incredibly

bright while also being
15% more energy efficient.

Now, this incredible new
display has a level of

brightness, Contrast
Ratio, color, and detail,

really, it's the
experience that we are

building into the new
display for the MacPro, we

call that the Pro display
XDR, and now that

experience is being
built into an iPhone.

In addition to that, it
has the spatial audio

sound that Kaiann
told you about.

It has HDR10, Dolby
Vision, Dolby Atmos.

So we decide it's
worthy of a new name.

We call it the Super
Retina XDR display.



All right.

Let's talk about performance,
a pro level performance.

As you know, our A series
chips have kept Apple

ahead of the industry for
years now, and the A13

Bionic is going to
extend that lead.

To tell you even more
about the A13 Bionic,

I'm really excited to
bring up Sri Santhanam.

He is our Vice President
of Silicon Engineering.

Sri.



 SRI SANTHANAM:
Thank you, Phil.

Hello, everyone.

Our engineering team at
Apple has been designing

chips for iPhone for over
a decade, and today I'm

excited to talk to
you about A13 Bionic,

our latest creation. And we
have touched everything.

Now, at Apple, we have
the benefit of owning the

entire vertical stack,
the software, the system

hardware, and the chip
design, and we work

together to optimize every
block on the chip, all the

way from the transistor up
through the package design

to work efficiently
for iOS and iPhone.

We have touched so many
things and improved so

many things in the A13
Bionic, but today I would

like to talk to you about
two specific improvements,

Machine Learning and
low power design.

First, Machine Learning.

We use Machine Learning
all throughout iPhone.

And in our chips, our CPU,
GPU, and Neural Engine are

all optimized for
different types of Machine

Learning workloads.

And in A13 Bionic, we made
them all faster for ML,

particularly the CPU.

We added brand new Machine
Learning accelerators

in our CPUs.

These accelerators are
built to run matrix

multiplication very fast.

That's an operation that's used
frequently in ML computation.

These dedicated accelerators
allow the CPU to process matrix

math operations up to 6X faster,
making the CPU capable

of over one trillion
operations per second.



Now, as developers
experiment on the bleeding

edge of ML, the CPU
can accelerate nascent

evolving models.

In addition, the chip
works with the latest

generation of the Apple
designed Machine Learning

controller so that
ML models can be

automatically and
seamlessly scheduled on

the CPU, GPU, and Neural
Engine, balancing

efficiency and
performance.

Together with iPhone 11 Pro,
this creates a fully

integrated platform where
developers can do some

incredible things,
like natural language

processing, image
classification in photos

and videos, and character
animation and people

occlusion in AR apps.

All of this makes
iPhone 11 Pro the best

Machine Learning platform
in any smartphone.



The second thing I would
like to talk to you today

about is how we lowered
the power of the A13 Bionic.

It is our most efficient
chip today, and here are a

few reasons why.

First, it starts with
the transistors, the

fundamental building
blocks of our chips, and

A13 Bionic uses an
advanced improved second

generation, 7 nanometer
transistor, the most

advanced in the industry.

And we carefully tailored
each transistor for high

performance and low power.

We did this with over
8.5 billion transistors.



That's the most we have
ever put into any iPhone

chip, but it's not just the
sheer volume of transistors.

To get both high
performance and low power,

you need great
architecture.

One example of that is our
Apple architected high

efficiency CPU cores.

These cores are the most
efficient place to run

lightweight tasks and
powerful enough to use

most of the time giving
you great battery life.

Finally, at the design
level, we apply many, many

low power design
techniques to increase the

efficiency of our design.

For example, we have
hundreds of voltage

domains in the chip, so we
light up only the sections

of the chip that need to
function at any given time.

But that's not all.

We have hundreds of
thousands of clock gating

domains, so we only turn
on the smallest amount of

logic in the chip,
dramatically reducing power.

The result is our highest
performing, most efficient

design ever.

All of our cores, CPU,
GPU, and Neural Engine are

all up to 20% faster.

In addition, at the
same time as we moved

performance up for those
applications and tasks

that don't need more
performance in the A12, we

were able to reduce the
power of all our engines;

for example, our
GPU by up to 40%.

All of this translates
to great performance and

battery life for
our customers.

And in addition, combined
with the thermal designs

of the iPhone 11 Pro, we
have our best sustained

performance ever.

And that's A13 Bionic.

It is our most efficient,
most performing chip we

have ever built
for iPhone.

We can't wait for our
customers and developers

to see it in action.

Thank you.

And back to Phil.



 PHIL SCHILLER:
Thank you, Sri.

So, what has our team done
to help the battery keep

up with this incredible
level of Pro performance?

We are so excited to tell
you that with iPhone 11 Pro,

you now get up to four
hours longer in your day.



And with iPhone 11 Pro Max,
up to five hours longer

in your day.



We are also including
our fast charge 18-watt

adapter in the box that can
charge them all faster, too.

So, I know.

I know what you
are waiting for.

I am, too.

Let's talk about
the cameras.

No question, my favorite
part about iPhone.

This is the first iPhone
that we have had a camera

system that we call Pro,
and it's really worthy

of this name.

So, what does it have?

First, it has a new wide
camera that has a fast

F1.8 Aperture and Focus
Pixels that cover 100%

of the sensor.

There is a news telephoto
camera with a larger

F2.0 Aperture.

It lets in 40% more light.

And has a new ultra-wide
camera with a super wide

120-degree field of view
and a tremendous range of

focus across the
entire image.

Now, all of these work
together with the A13

Bionic chip and its new
generation Image Signal

Processor, and that
enables a whole new level

of photography, pro
photography, and you are

just going to love it.

So, let's go to some
of the things it does.

First, with the telephoto
camera and the ultra-wide,

you have the ability to
zoom in two times and zoom

out two times.

That's a 4X
optical zoom range.

With these three cameras,
you have incredible

creative control.

So, for example, you can
use the telephoto and get

in close on your subject
to really zoom in on it,

or you can use the wide
to tell a bit more of a

story, or you can pull
all the way out to the

ultra-wide and reveal the
full surroundings, and you

can take all three shots
from one vantage point.



Now, we have given
iPhone 11 Pro to some pro

photographers to use to
see what they can do with

this incredible
new camera system.

And, first, they
absolutely love it and

they are excited to share
with you some of the

photos they have taken.

So we have picked from all
of the incredible shots

they have taken.

Six.

We are going to go through
six shots that pros have

taken to show you some of
the different cameras and

what's possible and
they are stunning.

Here is a perfect
one to start with.

Look at this image.

It is shot with the wide
camera, shot by Geordie

Wood, shot it in a perfect
named place for this

photo, Peek-a-boo
Canyon in Kanab, Utah.

That's just an awesome
name for this.

Look at the eye, the
detail in the eye, the

details in the eyelashes,
the incredible skin tones.

This is a great photo to
show the power of this

new camera system.

Here is another shot, a
very different kind of

shot, also taken with
that wide camera.

This is a shot by
Jake Michaels in L.A.

You can see he caught a
moment frozen in time.

The fast shutter speed can
capture the light just

bouncing off those
frozen water droplets.

And it uses our black and
white pro level image

filter which gives incredible
tonal grayscale to it.

Now, let's switch
to the telephoto.

This is an incredible shot
taken by Francesca Allen

out in Malibu.

Just the incredible
image clarity, stunning

environment, skin tones
are beautiful, shot by

natural light, and that's
just the natural depth of

field of that Aperture
with F1.8 -- F2.0.

It is amazing.

And the blues of the sky and
the water, just stunning.

So now let's look at a
Portrait mode shot of the

telephoto camera.

It's very different than
what you would take.

This is backlit, a backlit
Portrait mode telephoto

shot by Jake Michaels,
and you just see the

incredible silhouette,
but so much detail in the hair.

Look at the blue
and gold backlit,

just such vibrant colors.

A stunning image.

All right.

Now let's look at a
photo taken with our new

ultra-wide camera.

Jake Michaels took this
down in Venice Beach over

a skateboard park.

How did he take this?

He got up on a cherry picker,
50 feet above the ground.

I think many of us would
be a little nervous doing

that, but for
us he did it.

Took a shot down with
the super wide camera.

Just see this incredible
abstract image, looks stunning.

The focus is incredible
because of the depth of

focus of that camera.

All right, one
more example.

This is shot with the
ultra-wide by Chiara Zonca.

Shot this in Arizona.

You see this amazing
contrast between the

lights and the darks and
the mid tones, the sky,

the landscape
is just surreal.

This is just this other
worldly kind of shot that

we would all love to get.

Those are six examples of
photos using the three

cameras, what pros can do
if you put it in their

hands with their
incredible talent.

It's amazing stuff.

Now what we want to do.



Yeah!

Let's clap.

Now we want to give you
a sneak peek of a new

feature coming in the
camera that will be

available with the
software update this fall,

but it's so cool we had
to tell you about it.

It's using the Neural
Engine of the A13 Bionic

to create a whole
brand-new kind of image

processing system.

We call it Deep Fusion.

And this is so cool!

So to tell you what it's
doing, I'm going to do

that while we
look at an image.

This is a photo that was
shot on an iPhone 11 Pro

using this Deep Fusion
technology, and this kind

of an image would not have
been possible before.

We use Machine Learning to
take this photo in low to

medium light and it's
unlike anything possible

with an iPhone
camera before.

So what is it doing?

How do we get an
image like this?

All right.

You ready for this?

What it does, it
shoots nine images.

Before you press the
shutter button, it's

already shot four short
images, four secondary images.

When you press the shutter
button, it takes one long

exposure, and then in just
one second the Neural

Engine analyzes the fused
combination of long and

short images picking the
best among them, selecting

all the pixels, and pixel
by pixel going through 24

million pixels to optimize
for detail and low noise,

like you see in
the sweater there.

It is amazing.

This is the first time
a Neural Engine is

responsible for generating
the output image.

It is computational
photography mad science.

It is way cool!



Now, let's talk
about video.

iPhone 11 Pro is a powerful
new video camera system.

All three cameras shoot
4K, 60 frames a second,

Extended Dynamic Range
video, with beautiful

highlights and
shadow details.

So, of course, we
gave iPhone 11 Pro to a

professional
cinematographer and

director and asked them to
take it to a back lot in

L.A., shoot something,
and show us all what's

possible with this
brand-new camera system.

That's what we want
to show you now.

Was that incredible?

That was not only shot but
also edited entirely on

iPhone 11 Pro by director
of photography Guillermo

Garza and director
Diego Contreras.

Thank you, guys.

That is just
stunning video.

And the team worked hard
to make sure that you can

get consistent image
capture across all

three video cameras.

We actually paired the
three cameras right at the

factory, calibrating for
color and exposure, and

then all of the time while
you are using them, we

actually do some smart
things, like we in real

time take data from the
camera you are shooting

with and prime the other
cameras automatically for

Auto Focus, Auto Exposure,
color temperature, even

tone mapping, so you can
get a smooth transition

across all three cameras
while we minimize any

shifts in color
or exposure.

And for pros that want to
edit this video quickly on

device, now with iOS 13 we
have new advanced video

editing features built
into the Photos app, so

you can do things like
edit a video for exposure,

color temperature, even
cropping and scaling right

in the palm of your hands.

This is the new camera
system in iPhone 11 Pro.

We think pros are
going to love it.

We are all going
to love it.

It is incredible.

New wide, ultra-wide,
telephoto cameras, our

highest quality video
ever, 4X optical zoom, new

smarter HDR, new Night
Mode, on and on.

It is incredible.

We even redesigned
the camera app.

There is a new font
in it called SFCamera.

It is so pro.

You are going to
love using it.

Now, on top of all of
this, iPhone 11 Pro is

really the only pro camera
with a native app ecosystem.

The App Store has over
30,000 photo and video

apps so you can do just
about anything you can

imagine right on device.

So a great example
of this is FiLMiC.

They make a great app
called FiLMiC Pro that

makes it possible for
award winning directors to

push the boundaries of
what's possible with

cinematic filmmaking
on iPhone.

So we are honored to
invite up their CTO,

Christopher Cohen, and
along with him, director

of acclaimed films The
Florida Project and

Tangerine, the first
theatrical trailer shot

entirely on
iPhone, Sean Baker.

Welcome, guys.



 CHRISTOPHER COHEN:
Thank you, Phil.

I shot Tangerine on iPhone
using FiLMiC Pro and I

have been working closely
with Chris and the FiLMiC

team ever since.

Now, every shot
has the right lens.

As a filmmaker, it's my
job to figure out which

lens that is.

On set, I use a tool called
the director's viewfinder.

It helps me find a frame
and choose focal length.

Filmmakers have been doing
it like this for

nearly 75 years.

But what if you could use
what we are all going to

have in our pockets?

We are delighted to
preview the next version

of FiLMiC pro.

It's going to move
filmmaking forward.

Let's take a look at the next
generation of lens selection.

We have divided the
viewfinder into individual

feeds visualizing every
field of view available on

the new iPhone.

With the new A13 and
the higher sustained

performance of the new
iPhone, you can shoot with

our most complex capture
pipeline up to five times

longer than before, but
now you can shoot with

multiple cameras at
the same time, giving

filmmakers even
more options.

 SEAN BAKER: I love
that because it's totally

transformative.

With two cameras rolling
in FiLMiC Pro, I get twice

as much coverage on the
same take, reducing my

number of takes and giving
me more options in post.

 CHRISTOPHER COHEN: To
facilitate that, we employ

a compound overlay
representing the primary

and secondary cameras.

While both are being
recorded simultaneously,

I can focus in on my A cam
to compose or back out to

see my widest
field of view.

 SEAN BAKER: I'm always
excited when I see

evolution in filmmaking
style and craft, and this

multicam feature will give
me new creative options

for covering scenes such
as how I would approach

the traditional
shot, reverse shot.

 CHRISTOPHER COHEN:
That's right, Sean.

We can even couple this
incredible ultra-wide

camera with the
front facing camera.

 SEAN BAKER: This
enables me to capture the

organic and intimate
interaction between two

individuals in one
unbroken take with a

single unobtrusive device,
so I can literally take

the audience and slap
them right in the middle

of a conversation.

It's not only incredible
for narrative

storytelling; it
will be wonderful for

documentaries and
journalism as well.

 CHRISTOPHER COHEN: The
ability to record multiple

videos, this amazing
sustained performance, and

this incredible ultra-wide
lens, it's all in one device.

It's going to change
this industry.

The all new FiLMiC Pro
will be available later

this year only
in the App Store.

Thank you.



 PHIL SCHILLER: Wow.

Thank you,
Christopher and Sean.

So this is iPhone 11 Pro.

In addition to the triple
camera system, A13 Bionic,

longer battery life,
faster charging, new

designs, there is also
faster cellular, better

water resistance, stronger
glass, and so much more.

We think this is the
most exciting iPhone we

have made yet.

We have made a video to
tell you just a little bit

more about it.

 SPEAKER:
Introducing iPhone 11 Pro.

Every detail has been used
as an opportunity to set

new standards in design,
quality, and engineering,

ensuring it will deliver
uncompromising performance

in any situation.

At the core of the
iPhone 11 Pro design is a

stainless-steel
structural brand and a

three-dimensional glass
back made from the

toughest glass
on a smartphone.

It's sculpted from a
single solid sheet,

reinforced down to the
atomic level, and then

brought to life in one of
four textured matte finishes.

The enclosure is designed
to withstand what life can

throw at it.

Rigorous testing and
refining have helped

create a durable dust and
water-resistant iPhone.

The Apple designed A13
Bionic chip is the most

ambitious to date.

It's the fastest chip ever
in a smartphone, yet more

efficient than ever.

And with new optimized
batteries that give you up

to five extra hours in
your day, you get more pro

performance in an iPhone
for longer than ever.

The triple camera system
combines cutting edge

technology with the
extraordinary ease of iPhone.

The redesigned camera
interface complements the

new hardware with
a more immersive

and intuitive experience.

Telephoto, wide, and
new ultra-wide cameras.

You can now view four
times more scene in your

photos and videos
with the ultra-wide.

All new Night mode allows
you to capture images

never before possible on
an iPhone in drastically

lower light.

The highest quality video
in a smartphone is now

even better with Extended
Dynamic Range now at 4K at

60 FPS, you can record pro
quality video at twice as

many frames per second.

Editing tools previously
reserved for photos now

make editing your videos
a pro level experience.

Perfect and then play back
your footage on the new

Super Retina XDR display
that has the highest pixel

density of any
Apple device.

Privacy is built into
every iPhone from the

ground up, from iOS 13 to
Face ID, the most secure

facial authentication in a
smartphone which now works

from greater angles
and is even faster.

This new line of iPhone
has been pushed to

extremes like never
before, ensuring that each

part is worthy of
the name iPhone 11 Pro.



So iPhone 11 Pro and
iPhone 11 are made to be

designed free from these
harmful materials and, of

course, to reduce their
impact on the environment,

and this is so
important to us.

That's why we bring
it up every time.

We want to keep pushing
the boundaries of this.

iPhone 11, iPhone 11 Pro are
our most advanced phones.

Everyone is going to
want to show them off.

And some people like to
protect them with cases.

So we have a new line of
cases for them as well,

including clear cases for
all three models so you

can show off your
beautiful new finishes.

iPhone 11 Pro will start at
$999, and iPhone 11 Pro Max

at just $100
more at $1,099.



You can preorder all of
them starting this Friday

at a new time, 5:00 a.m.

Pacific daylight time.

So you can get a few more
hours of sleep and then

get in line to preorder.

They will all start
shipping on September 20th.

So this is our lineup of
three new iPhones starting

at $699, $999, and $1,099.

In addition to that, we're
going to keep iPhone XR in

the line starting at just
$599 and iPhone 8 at $449.

So there are a lot of
great options for people

at all different
price points.

So that is our news today
on iPhone 11 and iPhone 11 Pro.

Back to you, Tim.



 TIM COOK: Thanks, Phil.

With breakthrough
technologies and advanced

capabilities, the all
new iPhone 11 Pro and

iPhone 11 Pro Max are just
beyond incredible.

And, of course, the best
place to learn more about

these and get your hands
on them are in our amazing

retail stores.

And to tell you all about
what's going on at retail,

I would like to introduce
you to Deirdre O'Brien.

Deirdre.



 DEIRDRE O'BRIEN: Thank you.

Thanks so much, Tim.

I would love to start this
update on Apple Retail by

giving a huge shout-out to
our retail team members

all around the world.



The customer truly is at
the center of everything

that we do.

And thanks to our
passionate teams, there

really is no better place
to see this in action than

in our stores.

Today we would love to
share two ways we are

making the experience
even better.

Let's start with
personalization.

Apple retail has always
been the best place to

help you customize and
personalize your products,

and now we are going to
take it even further

with Apple Watch.

Currently, we offer a wide
selection of watches where

we choose and pair the
cases with the bands.

With Apple Watch Series
5, we are thrilled to

announce the all new Apple
Watch studio where you

choose and pair any case
with any band to create

exactly the watch
that you want.



The Apple Watch studio
experience is available in

our stores and online.

And with so many different
combinations, there are

nearly 1,000 different
ways to represent your own

personal style.

Now, next, we would love
to talk about Apple Trade-In.

I would love to show
you how it works.

You just saw all of this
great news about our new

iPhones, and now you can
use your current iPhone as

credit towards
a new iPhone.

And because we know many
of our customers prefer to

pay by month, we are
pleased to offer low

monthly payments in a
number of our countries.



Apple Trade-In makes your new
iPhone even more affordable.

And because we reuse and
recycle, it's great for

the planet.

Now, those are just two
of the services that we offer.

There is so much more, so
much, and the entire store

experience is brought to
life by our amazing teams

and the care that they
have for our customers.

This deep care, along with
our incredible collection

of products, services,
and experiences, like

Today@Apple, are designed
to delight and are

available only at Apple.

Now, finally, our stores
are the best place

for a celebration.

So on September 20th, the
same day our new iPhones

and Apple Watches arrive,
we are thrilled to be

hosting our biggest
store reopening ever,

Apple Fifth Avenue.



The newly expanded public
plaza is going to be a

wonderful place for the
community to gather.

And inside, everything has
been completely transformed.

We have dramatically
increased the height and

we have nearly doubled
the size, making it our

largest in the world.

Apple Fifth Avenue has
a special place in our

hearts, and we can't wait
to welcome you back.

That's a quick
update on retail.

Back to you, Tim.



 TIM COOK: Thank you.

Thanks Deirdre.

I am so proud of our
retail team and the unique

experience they deliver to
our customers every day.

They are amazing.

And I'm especially
thrilled that the iconic

Fifth Avenue store
is reopening.

I hope to see all of you
there on September 20th.

What an exciting morning!

I hope you guys have had
as much fun as I have!



Yes.

We shared the all new
Apple Arcade, a game

subscription service
unlike any other coming to

the App Store this month,
and Apple TV+ with

powerful and unique Apple
originals from today's

most creative storytellers
coming to the Apple TV app

beginning November 1st,
and the new iPad, bringing

a 10.2 inch Retina
display, support for Apple

Pencil and Smart Keyboard
and the power of iPadOS to

more people than
ever before.

The new Apple Watch Series
5 with its Always-On

Retina display, compass,
new finishes, and the

amazing new features
of watchOS 6.

The new iPhone 11, with its
new dual camera system,

powerful A13 chip,
beautiful new finishes,

and incredible
capabilities.

And, of course, the
stunning new iPhone 11 Pro

which is jam packed with
advanced technologies

designed to enable people
to do even more than before.

Our mission at Apple has
always been to design

products that empower
people and enrich people's

lives, to put technologies
in your hands, and to see

all of the wonderful
things that you will

do with them.

We couldn't be more proud
of the products and

services that we shared
with you this morning.

For those of you here
today with us, we would

like to invite you to
experience them first in

the hands-on
area upstairs.

And I would like to thank
everyone at Apple for

doing the best work of
their lives in bringing

these products and
services to market.

And I would like
to thank everyone.

Thank you.

Thank you.

And I would especially
like to thank everyone

that came out this morning
and everyone that tuned in

online to watch the
keynote this morning.

Thank you and
have a great day!